Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
Primo: EXCELLENT.
IT HAS ARRIVED IN ONE PIECE.
Jakob: REMEMBER, THERE'S A PLAN,
AND WE MUST FOLLOW IT.
Primo: OF COURSE I REMEMBER.
I CAME UP WITH IT!
I'VE ARRANGED IT SO THAT NO ONE
CAN STAND IN OUR WAY!
Trudge: HAVE YOU HEARD
THE RUMORS? ABOUT THE GHOST?
THE GHOST?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
HE'S THAT GUY WHO'S
SUPPOSED TO APPEAR
AT NIGHT,
CHALLENGE YOU TO DUEL
AND THEN FORCE YOU
INTO A CRASH, RIGHT?
YEAH.
SOMEONE'S GOTTA GO OUT
LATE AT NIGHT,
TAKE HIM ON IN A TURBO DUEL
AND BEAT HIM!
SO HOW ABOUT IT?
UH, SO HOW
ABOUT WHAT?
OH NO! I KNOW WHERE
YOU'RE GOING WITH THIS,
TRUDGE,
AND YOU CAN JUST FORGET IT!
WE'VE GOT THE GRAND PRIX
TO PREPARE FOR
AND WE DON'T HAVE ANY TIME
TO SPARE!
YOU GUYS ARE SECURITY,
YOU TAKE CARE OF IT!
Duel Runner Computer:
UNIDENTIFIED DUELIST
APPROACHING.
Trudge: JACKPOT--
IT MUST BE THE GHOST!
I'M GONNA PUT YOU IN CUFFS,
GHOST!
JUTTE FIGHTER!
AND NOW I'M GOING TO TUNE HIM
WITH MY SAMURAI SWORD BARON
FOR A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
DO YOUR THING, GOYO!
Ghost: I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP SPARK BREAKER.
IT DESTROYS ALL THE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD!
WHEN WISE CORE IS DESTROYED
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL
FROM MY DECK OR HAND.
HUH? NO!
GOYO GUARDIAN!
AAH!
CROW, MINA! TRUDGE!
WHO DID THIS?
THE GHOST...
WATCH OUT...
SYNCHRO'S ARE USELESS...
MAN! THIS IS ALL MY FAULT!
STOP IT, CROW.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
AND PLAYING THE BLAME GAME
ISN'T GONNA SOLVE A THING.
THEN WHAT?
WE GO FIND THE GHOST...
AND WE TAKE HIM DOWN!
Duel Runner Computer:
UNIDENTIFIED DUELIST
APPROACHING FROM THE REAR.
THE GHOST!
IT'S JUST GOTTA BE!
ALRIGHT!
GET HIM!
IT'S GO TIME!
TURBO BOOSTER!
LET HIM HAVE IT!
WHY, THANK YOU.
I ACTIVATE THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MACHINE EMPEROR
WISEL INFINITY!
IMPOSSIBLE.
FROM FIVE COMES ONE--
AND NOW YOU'RE DONE!
UH-OH...
SO MUCH FOR PAYBACK!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
YUSEI?!
HUH?
HEY, WHERE IS
EVERY--HUH?
AKIZA?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHERE ARE THE GUYS?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I HAVE THIS BAD FEELING.
OH, NO, AND I THOUGHT
IT WAS JUST ME.
I'M AFRAID NOT.
MY MARK HAS BEEN
SIGNALING ME AS WELL--
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
AFTER ALL, THE BOND WE SHARE
AS SIGNERS IS A STRONG ONE.
IF ONE OF US IS IN DANGER--
WE ALL CAN FEEL IT.
TAKE HEART, YUSEI
HAS A STRONG SPIRIT.
HE CAN TAKE CARE
OF HIMSELF.
OH.
I HOPE...
WHAT IS THAT THING?
I'VE NEVER SEEN
A DUEL MONSTER
LIKE IT!
SEEMS THE GHOST HAS A FEW TRICKS
UP HIS SLEEVE.
COME ON--
LET'S GET A CLOSER LOOK!
WHAT IN THE WORLD--?!
THAT ONE MONSTER
IS MADE UP OF FIVE
DIFFERENT DUEL CARDS?!
HOW CAN THAT BE?!
OR BETTER YET--
HOW CAN YUSEI
TAKE IT DOWN?
I DON'T KNOW BUT HE BETTER
FIGURE OUT A WAY FAST!
FOR ALL WE KNOW
THAT'S THE CREATURE
THAT PUT TRUDGE
IN THE HOSPITAL...
AND MAYBE THE OTHERS, TOO!
YEAH...IF YUSEI CAN'T
CRASH THAT CREATURE...
THEN HE COULD
END UP CRASHING!
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN TO END MY TURN!
TO ME THEN!
AND TO MY MACHINE
EMPEROR WISEL!
ATTACK MAX WARRIOR WITH
STAINLESS STEEL SLASH!
I ACTIVATE THE
TRAP SHOCK REBORN!
NOW ALL BATTLE DAMAGE
DEALT TO ME IS
CUT IN HALF!
SURE, THIS IS STILL
GONNA HURT...
BUT IT'S NOT GONNA HURT
AS MUCH!
ARGH!
THANKS, SHOCK REBORN...
AND THANKS
FOR THE MONSTER
I CAN NOW SUMMON!
BECAUSE DUE TO MY TRAP
I CAN BRING BACK A MONSTER
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN THE DAMAGE
I JUST TOOK!
THAT MEANS...
YOU'RE UP, TURBO BOOSTER!
YOU'LL NEED A BIGGER BOOST
THAN THAT
TO STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST ME!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
[SINISTER LAUGH]
THEN I'M UP!
AND UP FOR SOME
SERIOUS DAMAGE
IF I CAN'T FIND A WAY TO
GET BACK IN THIS DUEL.
IT'S NOW...OR NEVER!
ALRIGHT, TIME TO TURN
THINGS AROUND
BEFORE THE GHOST TURNS ME
INTO HIS LATEST VICTIM.
THE ONLY QUESTION IS, HOW?
HMM. WAIT A SEC...
THAT'S IT! I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL ANGEL BATON!
WITH THIS, IF I HAVE TWO OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS...
I GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK...
THEN I HAVE TO DISCARD ONE CARD
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD...
BUT IT'S ALL WORTH IT
BECAUSE NOW I CAN SUMMON...
THE DREADED
DEBRIS DRAGON!
[ROAR]
AND HE'S DREADED BECAUSE WHEN
THIS BEAST IS SUMMONED...
I'M ALLOWED TO BRING BACK
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVE
WITH LESS THAN
500 ATTACK POINTS.
SO COME FORTH...
GAUNTLET WARRIOR!
[ROAR]
AND NOW I'LL TUNE HIM WITH
MY TWO OTHER MONSTERS...
TURBO BOOSTER
AND DEBRIS DRAGON,
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO
SUMMON STARDUST DRAGON!
LET'S REV IT UP!
ALRIGHT--
WHAT A MOVE!
THAT PUTS YUSEI RIGHT ON TOP!
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP METEOR WAVE!
NOW, FOR THIS ONE TURN,
MY SYNCHRO MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE
INCREASED BY 300!
THEN YOU'D BETTER MAKE
THE MOST OF IT--
YUSEI, LET HIM HAVE IT!
WITH PLEASURE!
STARDUST DRAGON, ATTACK
THAT MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL!
I ACTIVATE WISEL GUARD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW HE TAKES YOUR ATTACK
AND MACHINE EMPEROR IS
LEFT UNHARMED!
WHAT?
CLEVER MOVE BUT IT
DOESN'T STOP THE EFFECT
OF MY METEOR WAVE--
NOW, SINCE MY MONSTER ATTACKED
YOUR MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE...
AND HAD HIGHER ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR DEFENSE POINTS,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE DIFFERENCE!
WAY TO GO, YUSEI--
I WISH TRUDGE COULD'VE
BEEN HERE TO SEE THAT!
Yusei: I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT WISEL GUARD
WAS ABLE TO BLOCK MY ATTACK.
OH, WELL, AT LEAST
IT'S OUT OF THE WAY NOW.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THIS DUELIST IS
NOT LIKE THE OTHERS...
AH, THAT EXPLAINS IT!
YUSEI FUDO,
THE INDIVIDUAL WHO DEFEATED
DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
I SUPPOSE THAT I SHOULD BE
TREMBLING IN MY BOOTS.
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
BUT THEN AGAIN,
THAT'S NOT REALLY IN MY NATURE.
NO, I'M UNLIKE ANY DUELIST
YUSEI HAS EVER FACED!
IT'S MY TURN!
AND FIRST I'LL SUMMON
WISEL GUARD 3!
Duel Runner Computer:
WISEL GUARD 3
IS A DARK ATTRIBUTE
LEVEL 3 MACHINE-TYPE MONSTER
THAT CAN REDIRECT YOUR
OPPONENT'S ATTACK TO ITSELF.
Ghost: NOTHING LIKE HAVING
A FEW SPARE PARTS HANDY!
WHOA--DID YOU
JUST SEE THAT?!
HE REPAIRED HIS MONSTER!
A COMBO MONSTER...
YUSEI CAN CHIP AWAY
AT THAT THING ALL HE WANTS
BUT THE GHOST CAN
JUST KEEP FIXING IT.
NOT GOOD.
Ghost:
OH, YUSEI.
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
DON'T YOU SEE, IT'S NO USE--
MY MACHINE EMPEROR
WILL NEVER BREAK DOWN!
AS MUCH AS I HATE TO
ADMIT IT, HE'S RIGHT.
IF THE GHOST HAS
ENOUGH CARDS IN HIS DECK
TO KEEP REBUILDING THAT THING,
HE CAN JUST KEEP BLOCKING
ALL MY ATTACKS!
TALK ABOUT
A WELL-OILED MACHINE.
[SINISTER CHUCKLE]
YOU'LL SOON BE GOING DOWN
LIKE ALL THE REST, YUSEI!
THE MOMENT YOU LOSE
IS THE MOMENT YOU CRASH!
SO IS THAT WHAT THIS
IS ALL ABOUT FOR YOU--
BULLYING RANDOM DUELISTS
YOU FIND ON THE ROAD?!
HA--BULLYING?
OF COURSE NOT, THAT'S
JUST AN ADDED BONUS...
DESSERT FOR AFTER
I ACHIEVE
WHAT I'VE REALLY
SET OUT TO ACCOMPLISH!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TALKING ABOUT USELESS LITTLE
THINGS CALLED SYNCHRO MONSTERS!
THAT'S WHY I CRUISE
THE ROADS AT NIGHT, YUSEI,
SO THAT I CAN FIND THEM
AND RID THE WORLD
OF THE WRETCHED THINGS!
AND NOW IT'S TIME
TO RID THE WORLD OF YOURS!
WATCH THE SYNCHRO SLAYER
AT WORK!
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR MIND.
OH, AM I?
MACHINE EMPEROR INFINITY...
DEMONSTRATE!
I ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY!
[ROAR]
STARDUST DRAGON!
IT'S TOO LATE, YUSEI,
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO.
YOUR DRAGON IS
ABOUT TO BECOME
JUST ANOTHER GEAR
IN MY MACHINE!
NO!
[ROAR]
DID YOU SEE THAT--
HIS MONSTER HAS BEEN--
HAS BEEN TRAPPED!
STARDUST DRAGON, NO! AH!
THE GHOST...
WATCH OUT...
SYNCHRO'S ARE USELESS...
TRUDGE TRIED
TO WARN ME...
THIS IS WHAT HE MEANT.
SYNCHRO'S ARE USELESS BECAUSE
THE GHOST CAN CAPTURE THEM!
OH, THEY'RE NOT USELESS,
AT LEAST NOT TO ME,
BECAUSE NOW THAT
YOUR STARDUST DRAGON
IS MINE...
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE MINE, TOO.
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI!
THANKS TO YOUR
SYNCHRO MONSTER,
MY MACHINE EMPEROR NOW
GAINS 2,500 EXTRA POINTS
TO DO DAMAGE
TO YOU WITH!
[SINISTER CHUCKLE]
OH, NO-- IT ABSORBED ALL OF
STARDUST DRAGON'S STRENGTH?!
THIS IS NOT GOOD!
ALRIGHT THEN,
MACHINE EMPEROR...
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
TELL ME HOW IT FEELS, YUSEI,
TO HAVE YOU OWN MONSTER
PLAY A PART IN YOUR DEMISE!
IF YUSEI
TAKES THIS HIT,
HE'S GONNA HIT
THE ASPHALT!
THEN HE'D BETTER DO
SOMETHING AND QUICK!
THERE'S NO ESCAPE,
YUSEI!
YOUR FATE IS TO LOSE
AT THE HANDS OF MY
MACHINE EMPEROR!
WRONG!
I PLAY SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
THANKS TO THIS TRAP CARD,
WHEN YOUR MONSTER ATTACKS,
I CAN NEGATE THAT ATTACK
AND THEN I'M ALLOWED
TO PLACE IT RIGHT
BACK DOWN ON THE FIELD
TO USE AGAIN!
FINE...
YOU SURVIVED THIS ROUND.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN!
THEN IT'S MY MOVE!
FIRST I'LL SUMMON BICULAR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THEN I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN CARD!
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
YOU CALL THAT A MOVE?!
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
IN MY HAND
THAT CAN BEAT
THAT EMPEROR.
FOR NOW, I JUST HAVE
TO TRY AND HOLD ON.
MY TURN!
AND I'LL START IT OFF
BY PLAYING
THE TRAP WISE A 3!
WITH THIS CARD, BY
SENDING THE WISEL ATTACK
I HAVE ON THE FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON WISEL
ATTACK 3 FROM MY HAND!
WHY WOULD I DO
SUCH A THING?
YOU GUESSED IT!
BECAUSE WISEL 3 RAISES
MY EMPEROR'S ATTACK
POINTS EVEN MORE!
AND NOW I'LL HAVE HIM
USE THOSE ATTACK
POINTS...
TO LAY WASTE TO YOU!
AH! I REACTIVATE
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
I DON'T KNOW
HOW LONG YUSEI CAN
HOLD ON LIKE THIS.
BUT WHAT ELSE CAN HE DO?
HIS BEST MONSTER HAS BEEN
EFFECTIVELY TURNED AGAINST HIM!
PLAYING THAT TRAP'S
HIS ONLY CHANCE TO SURVIVE!
ACTUALLY, I GOTTA
BAD FEELING
THAT TRAP MIGHT NOT BE
ENOUGH, JACK...
GHOST SOUNDS LIKE
HE'S UP TO SOMETHING.
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
TELL ME YOU DIDN'T THINK I'D
FALL FOR THE SAME TRAP TWICE!
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP BATTLE RETURN!
THANKS TO THIS CARD,
BY CUTTING THE ATTACK
POINTS OF THE MONSTER
I JUST TARGETED IN HALF,
I'M ALLOWED TO ATTACK
WITH HIM ONCE AGAIN!
WHAT?
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL,
GO!
NO.
YUSEI'S IN FOR IT NOW--
THAT TRAP A' HIS ONLY
WORKS ONCE PER TURN!
YUSEI!
AH! UH! AH!
AND DON'T FORGET WISEL
3'S SPECIAL ABILITY...
SINCE ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE GREATER
THAN YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
THE DIFFERENCE IS
DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE!
NOW...
I PLAY A SPECIAL ABILITY!
THE ABILITY OF BICULAR!
YOU SEE, WHEN HE'S
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
I'M THEN ALLOWED TO
SUMMON THIS GUY!
UNICYCULAR!
WHATEVER--
ON TO MY NEXT MOVE!
I ACTIVATE MY FACEDOWN,
TRAP RECYCLE!
TRUE, I MUST GET RID
OF A CARD IN MY HAND
TO USE THIS TRAP,
BUT THEN I GET TO
RETURN TO MY HAND
A TRAP
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND THE TRAP
I WANT BACK IS...
BATTLE RETURN!
BUT IT CAN'T WAGE BATTLE
JUST YET.
I'M NOT ALLOWED
TO PLACE THIS CARD
BACK ON THE FIELD
UNTIL MY NEXT TURN.
THEN THAT MEANS YUSEI HAS THIS
ONE TURN TO TURN THINGS AROUND
OR HE'S DONE FOR, FER SURE!
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY
RIGHT, CROW.
BECAUSE ONCE THAT BATTLE
RETURN CARD IS LAID DOWN...
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS WILL BE
GOING DOWN THE TUBES!
AH. HERE GOES!
AH...
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
IT SEEMS THAT SOMEONE
DIDN'T GET THE CARD
THAT THEY WERE
HOPING FOR.
WHAT WILL YOU DO NOW,
YUSEI?
AFTER ALL, THERE ARE
NO SECOND CHANCES
IN A DUEL!
WAIT A SECOND.
THERE ARE!
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2!
THANKS TO THE FIELD SPELL,
BY REMOVING
SEVEN SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DRAW ONE MORE CARD
FROM MY DECK!
AND THERE'S ONLY ONE CARD
THAT CAN HELP ME...
BUT I'LL NEED ALL THE HELP
I CAN GET TO DRAW IT!
WHOA!
WHY ARE OUR
MARKS GLOWING?
HOW STRANGE...
WHAT'S HAPPENING,
YOU GUYS?
I'M NOT SURE
BUT I THINK IT'S YUSEI.
I THINK HE NEEDS OUR HELP!
THE MARK OF
THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
IT'S LENDING ME ITS POWER
FOR THIS ONE LAST DRAW!
GHOST! YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE
THAT THE POWER OF
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
CAN NEVER BE CONTAINED!
AND RIGHT HERE
IS THE PROOF!
NOW WATCH!
I SUMMON THE MAJESTIC DRAGON!
AND NEXT I ACTIVATE
SYNCHRO MATERIAL!
THANKS TO THIS TRAP,
I CAN NOW SYNCHRO SUMMON
WITH MONSTERS
THAT ARE ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
MONSTERS LIKE
THE STARDUST DRAGON!
WHAT?!
THAT'S RIGHT!
RETURN, STARDUST!
NO! NO!
THIS ISN'T FAIR--
I CAPTURED HIM!
HE'S MINE!
NOT ANYMORE HE'S NOT.
[ROAR]
HE GOT HIM BACK!
AND THAT'S
JUST THE START!
HMM. NOW, STARDUST DRAGON,
TUNE WITH UNICYCULAR
AND MAJESTIC DRAGON!
GHOST, YOU CALLED SYNCHRO
MONSTERS WRETCHED LITTLE THINGS
THAT THE WORLD
SHOULD BE RID OF.
WELL, NOW IT'S THEIR TURN
TO RESPOND,
AND THEY'LL RESPOND...
WITH ALL THEIR MIGHT!
SHOW HIM WHAT I MEAN,
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON!
AND DON'T FORGET,
SINCE MACHINE EMPEROR
LOST STARDUST,
HE ALSO LOST THAT
ATTACK POINT BONUS!
DON'T YOU FORGET-
I STILL HAVE
WISEL GUARD 3...
AND THANKS TO
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
ANY ATTACK YOU
TRY TO WAGE WILL
JUST BE BLOCKED!
THAT'S WHERE YOU'RE WRONG,
BECAUSE MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
NEGATES THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF YOUR WISEL GUARD.
SO WHAT--
YOUR ATTACK'S STILL
NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO DEFEAT ALL THE PARTS
OF MY EMPEROR!
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE--
AFTER ALL, HE'S A COMBO
MONSTER, NOT A SYNCHRO.
I'M AFRAID YOUR MACHINE
EMPEROR'S GREATEST STRENGTH
IS ALSO
HIS GREATEST WEAKNESS.
AH! NO!
YOU'RE WRONG!
ATTACK HIM AND YOU'LL
ONLY DESTROY ONE PART--
BUT IF IT'S
THE RIGHT PART...
ALL THE OTHERS
WILL GO WITH IT!
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON--
ATTACK!
ARGH! AAH! OH!
AAH!
[CRASH]
GHOST!
OH, NO!
QUICK! WE GOTTA
GET DOWN THERE!
HMM. YUSEI FUDO.
IT HAS TO BE.
WELL, WELL, THIS SHOULD
CERTAINLY MAKE THINGS
INTERESTING.
[AMUSED LAUGHTER]
GHOST, ARE YOU OKAY?
COME ON, LET'S HELP HIM UP
AND GET HIM TO A HOSPITAL.
YAH!
OH.
OR MAYBE A MECHANIC?
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
AM I SEEING WHAT I THINK
I'M SEEING?
SO GHOST...
WAS A ROBOT?
THIS MAKES NO SENSE.
WE NEED
SOME ANSWERS.
Yusei: GOOD TO SEE YOU'RE
FEELING BETTER, TRUDGE.
Trudge: HEY, I'M
JUST HAPPY YOU GUYS
FINALLY CAUGHT UP
WITH THE GHOST.
SO WHADAYA THINK?
WELL, FROM THE LOOKS OF
THESE PICTURES YOU TOOK,
I'D SAY WHAT WE HAVE
HERE IS A DUEL BOT.
SECTOR SECURITY HAS
BEEN EXPERIMENTING
WITH ROBOTICS.
DUEL BOTS ARE AT THE
VERY CUTTING EDGE OF
THOSE EXPERIMENTS.
SO HOW COME THIS
ONE GOT LOOSE?
DON'T KNOW.
BUT MY HUNCH IS
SOMEONE
STOLE A PROTOTYPE
FROM HEADQUARTERS
AND THEN THEY MUST'VE
SOMEHOW REPROGRAMMED IT.
NOW THE QUESTION IS WHY.
I ONLY WISH WE COULD
CHECK THE BOT'S
MEMORY CHIP.
ALREADY DID THAT, TRUDGE.
ONLY PROBLEM IS
IT HAD NOTHING ON IT.
MY GUESS?
THE GHOST'S MEMORY SYSTEMS
WERE SET TO AUTOMATICALLY ERASE
IF IT LOST A DUEL.
YOU KNOW IT'S A CRIME TO
TAMPER WITH EVIDENCE!
OH, GIVE IT A REST,
WOULD YA?
IF NOT FOR US,
SECTOR SECURITY
WOULD STILL
BE TRYING TO
CATCH THE GHOST!
THAT'S RIGHT--
NO ONE TRIES HARDER!
[DEEP SIGH]
WOW, A DUELING ROBOT--
SOOOO AWESOME!
LEO, THAT THING DID
A LOT OF DAMAGE!
OH, YEAH...
WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND
IS ALL THAT WEIRD STUFF
THE GHOST WAS SAYING
ABOUT SYNCHRO MONSTERS--
WHAT'S IT MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT THE ONE THING
THAT IS CERTAIN
IS THAT THERE'S SOMEBODY
OUT THERE WHO'S UP TO NO GOOD.
I AGREE, JACK.
AND IF THAT MEANS THAT OUR CITY
IS IN DANGER...
WE HAVE TO BE READY
TO DEFEND IT!
HMM.
AND BE READY AT ALL TIMES.
BECAUSE I HAVE A BAD FEELING
THAT THIS DUEL BOT
WAS JUST THE BEGINNING,
AND FROM HERE ON OUT, THINGS
ARE ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE.